Let us look at nested for loop usually these are useful for accessing multi-dimensional arrays that is 2-D
arrays or matrices
So let me write for loop, see commonly we write for loop.
Just one for loop but now I am writing two for loops I assign zero.
I is less than three and a plus plus, and for integer j assigned zero J is less than three and j plus
plus.
Now how this works.
So what I do is I will say Cout I and j, and endl.
So let us understand how this works and what other values are displayed.
When I say Cout i, j.  see I and j are two values initially first i is 0, 0 is less than three yes
enter inside  again.
J assign zero, in j is less than 3 Yes.
Then print  i j, so what is printed first 0 0 then it will go up J pluss plus.
J becomes 1 then J is less than three yes enter inside again print.
i J What is i, still Z only, so it will print 0 1 the next J plus plus J becomes 2 and I will still
zero and 2 is less than 3 so to enter inside and print i j, that is 0 2 then j++ j becomes
3.
Now j is not less than 3 is equal to 3.
So nothing is done so it will come out of this for loop and still it is inside outer for loop I plus
plus so I becomes one, 1 is less than 3 enter inside.
Initially again J loop starts, again the loop starts and J becomes 0.
Now again J becomes evil so it will print this then 1 1 1 2 then 1 3 it will not bring this and this
was 0.
then again i becomes 2, so two zero, two one, two two, and two three will not be printed then this will become 3 and it will stop
So these are the values printed so if you see this how it has taken the values it is just like
two dimensional array, see 0 1 2 and 0 1 2 This location is 00 01 02 then 10  11 12
20 21 22.
In this way nested for loop will generate the indices for 2D array  where I will act as
a row index and j will act as a column index, so mostly 2d array oe when we write any application
on matrixes,we use nested for loops, particularly i will show a lot of things using the Neted for loop
and also I'll give you some exercises.